---
layout: privacy.html
---

<!-- Flockrush Terms of Service -->

 <div class="ui left vertical stripe segment">
  <div class="ui left text container"><h2 class="ui header">HOW LONG WE KEEP INFORMATION</h2><p>We keep the Personal Information you have given us for at least as long as you maintain your account. Keep in mind, however, that even if you delete your account, we may retain your Personal Information in conformance with our data retention policy, under which we may reasonably retain such information to comply with laws, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our TOU, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.</p><h2 class="ui header">COOKIES</h2><p>The Flockrush website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.</p><p>You can opt out of receiving targeted advertising by going to DAA opt-out site <a href="http://www.aboutads.info" data-href="http://www.aboutads.info" class="markup--anchor markup--p-anchor" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">www.aboutads.info</a>, or the NAI opt-out site at <a href="http://optout.networkadvertising.org/" data-href="http://optout.networkadvertising.org/" class="markup--anchor markup--p-anchor" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">www.networkadvertising.org/choices</a>, or for those in Europe, the EDAA opt out site at <a href="http://www.youronlinechoices.eu" data-href="http://www.youronlinechoices.eu" class="markup--anchor markup--p-anchor" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">www.youronlinechoices.eu</a>.</p><h2 class="ui header">EXTERNAL LINKS AND PARTIES</h2><p>Our website and Services contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by “clicking on” a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.</p><p>If any part of the Services links you to other websites, those external websites do not operate under this Privacy Statement. We recommend that you examine the privacy statements posted on those other websites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information. Once you leave our website, our Privacy Statement will no longer apply. Also, we cannot guarantee the privacy of third parties whose information our users have provided to other members on the Website.</p><h2 class="ui header">CANADA’S PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTION AND ELECTRONIC DOCUMENTS ACT</h2><p>The Canadian government has enacted the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”). PIPEDA outlines the way personal information may be used in Canada, and we fully adhere to it. You may at any time contact us regarding our use of your Personal Information by using the contact information referred to below or at the mailing address referred to below. You may contact us to provide you with more information in respect of our Privacy Statement and privacy practices, or to provide you with an opportunity to review your PII currently held by us and to request an amendment to the PII to correct any inaccuracies you determine are contained in such PII holdings. Where you demonstrate the inaccuracy or incompleteness of your PII held by us, we will correct or update the information as required. Please note that before we are able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request. You are also entitled to request information as to the type of PII we have collected from you, how we have used your PII in the past and how we may use it in the future, and whether or not we have disclosed your PII to any third parties (and, if so, to whom).</p><p>There may be circumstances where we are unable to provide access to your PII. We may deny access for legally permissible reasons, such as situations where the information contains references to other individuals and is not reasonably severable, or where it cannot be disclosed for legal, security or other commercial proprietary reasons. We will advise you of any reason for denying an access request.</p><h2 class="ui header">CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS</h2><p>Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties for direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties with whom it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this Privacy Statement, please submit a written request to the address listed below.</p><h2 class="ui header">PRIVACY OFFICER</h2><p>We are responsible for and will maintain and protect Personal Information in our possession or custody, including PII that we may transfer to third parties for processing. We have designed an individual or individuals who is/are accountable for compliance with this Privacy Statement.</p><p>To contact us concerning privacy issues, please send a letter to:</p>
  Attn: Privacy Officer
  Flockrush Inc.
  45 Charles Street East, Suite 608
  Toronto, ON
  M4Y 0B8
  Email: legal@Flockrush.com

  <h2 class="ui header">CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT</h2><p>We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement from time to time. We will notify our you of relevant changes by posting a notice on our website. The most current version of this Privacy Statement will govern our use of your information, and will always be located at <a href="http://www.Flockrush.com/privacy-policy/">http://www.Flockrush.com/privacy-policy/</a>. By continuing to use our Services, you agree to be bound by the revised statement.</p><h2 class="ui header">HOSTING</h2><p>The Services are hosted in Canada. If you access our website or the Services from any jurisdiction with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from the laws of Canada, please be advised that through your continued use of the Services, you are transferring your Personal Information to Canada and you consent to that transfer. Additionally, you understand that your Personal Information may be processed in countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing Personal Information may be less stringent than in your country.</p><h2 class="ui header">GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION</h2><p>This Privacy Statement, and all related matters are governed solely by the laws of Ontario, Canada and applicable federal laws of Canada, excluding any rules of private international law or the conflict of laws which would lead to the application of any laws.</p><p>To the extent legally permitted, any claim or cause of action you may have arising from, connected with, or relating to this Privacy Statement or our handling of your Personal information, or any related matters must be commenced within six (6) months, after the claim or cause of action arises, after which time the claim or cause of action is forever barred, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary.</p><h2 class="ui header">HOW TO CONTACT US</h2><p>Flockrush, Inc.
45 Charles Street East, Suite 608<br>
Toronto, ON<br>
Canada<br>
M4Y 0B8<br>
By email: legal@Flockrush.com</p></div>
</div>
